Excellent value. Easy to use. Buy it.works great.Nice little light. Works as advertised. The plastic parts are very sturdy, and the cover is very sturdy. The bulb is very bright, so it will be useful for
I really enjoyed this book. It was surprising, deep, interesting, humorous and encouraging. At first it seems like a darker read, but by the end of the book, I was smiling and reading this book made me happy. I would recommend it for any age adult.
I loved this at first, but it didn't last. I did a lot of research and decided to get an extra one for my new computer. The box was a bit too large for my liking, so I decided to give it a shot. I love it!It works great! I love it. I have a portable player and
Did not like the fit, it was too long. I will return it.
I am so relieved she does not fight to put it on. It keeps her from jumping into the front seat and actually helps keep her somewhat calm in the back seat.
These curtains have been in my bedroom for over a month. For the first week, I had them completely closed. What a difference from my summer curtains!! Absolutely NO light entered through them! They blocked all of the ambient light: I almost thought that I had gone blind! I usually wake up in the middle of the night for a quick run to the bathroom. But, with the curtains fully closed and no light at all, I had a rough time finding my way back to bed!! Since I retired, I no longer keep a clock in the bedroom, and rely on the light coming in the windows to gauge the time of day. So, after that first week, I was forced to leave the curtains open a tiny crack to let some daylight into the bedroom! In addition, these curtains are a tremendous help in keeping out the cold winds that we suffer in the northeastern states. The material feels very soft almost like brushed microfiber, and is very true to the color shown. The side facing outside is white. In every respect, I am totally satisfied with the material and performance of these curtains.
These are good for the price. The pieces are sturdy and the quality is great.Very nice.I bought this for my son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it.
Love my Henley's! Long sleeves, loose enough to be comfortable, still holding up nicely. When I couldn't find flannel shirts that I liked or fit, I bought a bunch of these! Would buy again!
Not for a power chewer. She doesn't like it but it's not a chore.
Bags are way too heavy. This product should be made in 28 lbs or less. I could. Arely pour it in the catbox or move it.
If I could give this movie a lower rating I'd do it, it deserves more of a 0.16 of a star. This movie was horrible, not a good ending at all, the casting was fair, but not great. The graphics were so so, but not as good as I expected hoped. This movie by far (besides Gigli) has to be the biggest disappointment. I wish it would've flopped in the box office, but like idiots we go see it leave in shock of the suckiness that took place. When the movie ended you were like "that's it, that sucked." I don't care if you vote that this review wasn't helpful, you know it was, because deep down inside (if you saw the movie) that it sucked terribly, admit it, vote that I was helpful...horrible movie, one of the worst...
Love these. Keeps ladder and seed spreader off the garage floor.
I hadn't seen this movie in years and then I found it on the Instant Video list and had to watch it again. It's a really fun, sweet story and a nice change from the mostly trashy films/tv shows that are out now. I'm used to seeing Timothy Dalton do more serious story lines but he proves he can do comedy very well.
Works great on my 91/30. I love the feel and fit of this bat.
I thought with as large a set as this one you'd need a lot of storage. It is so small that it's not worth the extra money. It is very large and it's a little smaller than the size of the one I ordered. But it's not the size I'd expect
GREAT slipper, runs 1/2 to maybe a full size too long. Not to wide, too long. GREAT leather, soft, comfortable.
Reminds me of desperation type of book, with the characters being either boring or just plain boring. The story is told from the point of view
This is a good movie, it shows the long history of the U. S.
It's a great rug for the bathroom!! Doesn't move at all on the tile and soaks up the water that goes onto the rug after you step on it from exiting the shower/bathtub. Wish the brand would make them in a larger size though. Overall a great bathroom rug.
I used the longer version to install a fairly heavy 60' wide headboard (about 50 lbs.) and even though the product feels very light weight, it seems to hold the headboard securely and I have no concern about it falling. It was easy to install, the included level was spot on (I double checked it with my own longer level, and the multiple drilled holes made it easy to ensure that it was screwed into two studs. The only concern I have is that in an earthquake, there's nothing to prevent the headboard from being dislodged from the track and landing on my head. In a high traffic area or with active children running around, you'd have the same risk of the item being jostled enough to do the same thing. I've installed a shelf directly above the headboard, screwed into both the headboard and the wall, to prevent that, and if you didn't want to do that you could probably install braces above or below the hanging item to prevent upward movement. But this problem is true of most methods of hanging heavy items on the wall, so it shouldn't be considered a defect in the product. One star taken off for the price, which seems way too high for what the product consists of.
What'so not to like? Well made, variable speed, easy chuck lock and 3 hr battery charge all at a low low price.
I remember these times, interesting time period, with the sound of the orchestra playing a variety of songs
Nice short USB OTG cable. Works great. Wish I could find one for the iPad Air.
Our family loves all of the Arthur and D.W. stories, and this book seems to have particular resonance at this time, as two of my three kids are picky eaters. My four year old, my three year old, and my two year old all like to hear this story over and over again.
Read to your sons and daughters. Buy the book. You won't regret it.
i just love the book all but the highlights in it it's just too much marking for me in the book
This series just gets better. I love the characters and the history. I would recommend this series. Great job!I liked this book but the writing was a bit slow. The story was a little rushed. I would read it again if I could. The author does a great job with the characters. I found myself rooting for the characters and I loved how they all made it through their lives. I highly recommend this book. I enjoyed this book. I love how the author wrote the story. I love the way the author moved the story along. I just wish there was more of a epilogue. This was a good read. I found myself wanting more. I found myself rooting for the heroine to get away from the bad guys. I like how the characters were in a better place. I liked how the story was told. I will definitely read the next one. I enjoyed the story. It was a quick read. I liked that the author didn't just draw me in.
The 9 paths he investigates are called naturalist, sensate, traditionalist, ascetic, activist, caregiver, enthusiast, contemplative and intellectual. These match up well with the 9-10 mysteries discussed in "Living with Mystery" by Stacey Padrick. What a coincidence or is it rather better a serendipitous occasion!
Really cute kind of like a disco ball, but with multi colored lights. Surprised at how far the light reaches. And cheap! Great for a kid's party, but I have no idea whatsoever what purpose I had in mind when I bought it for myself. Tried turning it on and dancing around with the dogs when I've had a few drinks, but they didn't seem to notice.
I'm so happy all worked out in the end. How many times we've heard of selling our souls for material gain, well after reading this book we should all be content with our lot in life.
This device was needed for a new computer. I was able to turn it off and it worked fine. I haven't used it since then, but it does what it's supposed to do. It does not work on Windows 7. I don't know how long it will last
Yes I love this story and will be reading more from this author. Happy reading!Great story. Great characters. I liked how the characters were developed.
<div id="video block R28F4M41UIB1DN" class="a section a spacing small a spacing top mini video block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="
Outstanding fuel. This is a real fuel cell stove. My husband and I have been using this stove for over a year now. The stove is very easy to set up and maintain. We have been using it for a few days now. The burner has a lot of power. The burner is the most efficient type of fuel source available. It has a very nice height for the stove and a nice height for the stove itself. The burner is very convenient for camping or backpacking. The burner is very portable and easy to store. This stove is super light and easy to use. The stove has a very wide head to get the largest footprint of any fuel source we have. This stove is very easy to put on and it is super easy to clean. It is very easy to adjust and adjust to your needs. I have had no problems with the stove breaking apart in the water. The stove has a very sturdy handle and is very easy to use. The stove is made of aluminum so it is very durable. The stove is easy to clean and the stove is easy to install and remove. The stove has a very
This San Disk micro HC C2307W is a great product for the price. It is so small that it can be folded down and
I purchased four of these. They are the best. My puppy loves them! They are a little too heavy for my 20 pound dog but the plastic is sturdy. The only thing I would change is to cut the plastic on one side. Otherwise it works great!My dog loves this bed! I will keep buying it.I have a dog who is obsessed with this food. This has given him a great amount of energy. It's very healthy for him and his digestive system. I would recommend this food to anyone who has a dog with a chronic digestive issue. Highly recommend this food. I've used this product for about a year now and it's been well worth the money. It's not a perfect product for a dog with a chronic digestive issue, but it does what it's supposed to do. It's not the most nutritious food out there, but I think I've found it works for my dog as well.My dogs love this food. They have been eating it for several months now and it seems to be doing great. I'm very happy with the quality of this food. It's made in the USA. I don't have to worry about the quality of the ingredients and the ingredients are safe. I know my dogs are sensitive
would reccomend, the item seemed small when I first saw it, but in reality I was very pleased it was spacous.
The Faberg&eacute; Entanglement by Lesley Merrick Wins: Harold R. Young Hazel E. Robinson John C. Tuckett I was given this book in exchange for an honest review. This was a very good story. The characters were well developed. I liked the story and the storyline. The ending was good. I really liked the characters. I recommend this book to anyone who likes a good romance with a good main character. This was a sweet short story. The characters were very well developed and I liked that the author didn't try to make them all like one. The story flowed nicely and kept my interest. I am hoping that the author will take this author to the next level.
THis would make a beautiful gift. The only problem is that it's not really a vacuum, but a pair of the best vacuum bags I have ever owned. This vacuum is very powerful
I loved this book. I truly enjoy historical novels and Erik Larson does it better than most authors. As he did in Devil In The White City, Mr. Larson combines historical fact and fiction together to create a heart warming story. He has a way of keeping the reader spellbound until the last page. His handling of President Wilson's frame of mind, the beginning of submarine warfare, the European allies and Central Powers ground forces, etc. never got boring. His description of life on a submarie was so real I felt confined and uncomfortable sitting in my own living room. It was a real page turner. I have read all his work and consider him one of this generations better authors.
Love that it is soft. I love the wooden part of it. It's been a favorite since my 8-year old daughter got it.
My boyfriend got a moderately deep scratch in the face of his new favorite watch. He loves the watch so much that he was prepared to buy a new one. I did a little research and found this product on Amazon. He was skeptical but decided the low price was worth giving a shot. Amazingly, the product worked wonderfully. When he saw how well it worked, he used it to remove the scratches from an older watch as well. Both watches are Timex Expedition watches.
This is a nice inexpensive ball head. I did not want to spend a lot of money on a ball head and monopod, this ball head does the job.
I have been on Eugene Peterson kick recently. The more books that I read from him, the more I am drawn to his writing. He is wise, earthy, and poetic, a wonderful combination. Reversed Thunder: The Revelation of John and the Praying Imagination (1988) was the most recent. In Reversed Thunder, Peterson explores the creative and imaginative language of St. John in the last book of the Bible. In my experience, many books about the Revelation of John attempt to provide a key to the events of the book as a type of apocalyptic road map. In other words, many books claim to have found the key to the end times and are eager to share their findings. This book is refreshingly different. In the introduction, Peterson wrote, "I do not read the Revelation to get additional information about the life of faith in Christ. I have read it all before in law and prophet, in gospel and epistle. Everything in the book of Revelation can be found in the previous 65 books of the Bible...I read the Revelation not to get more information, but to revive imagination." Later: I have taken the position that this book does not primarily call for decipherment, as if it were written in code, but that it evokes wonder, releasing metaphors that resonate meanings and refract insights in the praying imagination." To be honest, this is the first thing I have read about the book of Revelation that I have actually benefited from, actually enjoyed. Peterson, a poet in his own write, writing about the poetry of St John is a lovely gift. If you are someone who has been confused by the book of Revelation, I would commend Reversed Thunder to you. It is well worth the time.
I purchased this to I can take pictures of my products that I sell and review. It is a compact "box" that opens up to give you a nice clean area to photograph your items. I'm not very "mechanical" so it took me a few minutes to figure out how to set up the box, but once I did, I saw how easy it was. It is nice because it folds down and stores in the container that comes with it. I do wish the tripod was a little taller only stands up about 12 inches.
Haven't really been into leatherman, but I bought this in January of 2014 for my Dad's desk. He loves it. The plastic is solid and is easy to clean.
Loved this book. I loved the characters. Loved how they handled each situation.
There is no good way to review this book without giving the plot away and all I can say is that this is a extremely complex book with lots of twists and turns. There where times I did go out to Google to research some of the mythology mentioned in the book to round out the reading for my self need but it is not necessary for the reader to do that in order to enjoy this book. The author creates a very interesting world involving mythology and a large variety of complex characters drawing the reader deep into her fantasy world. Readers will be curious with the plaything, Damon and his story while wondering who he really is. As the story unwinds who he is becomes clearer and you will have that "AH HA" moment and feel at peace with him and his story. Meanwhile Elysia, another aspect of this story, continues to draw your attention in another direction worth investigating. Elysia is a great example of how a woman would handle life threatening situations when there is no choice but to live. Her believable character will draw the reader closer with the desire to see her succeed and get her hearts desires. Secondary characters are numerous and the reader will be able to tell that their stories were written in previous books to this series but this will not be a problem to reading this book. I plan to read the four books I have on my Nook. Are you you planning to add Awakened to your "To Be Read List"? Sportochick's Musings An ARC copy was gifted in exchange for an honest opinion via Netgalley.
nice travel size kettle for the price, the only thing I didn't like is the handle has a small clunky grooves. The handle also takes a little getting
This book is being hawked by an academic professor who is saying it's important for students to read. I had to read it before I could have a chance to take it to school. It was hard to get into it, but it was a very good book. I think it's important for students to read it, but I think it's a little hard to get into. It's about math, and it's about math. It's about math, and it's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. I think it's important to get into it, but I think it's a little hard to get into. It's about math, and it's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. I really enjoyed the book. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math. This is a good book. It's about math. It's about math. It's about math.
I ordered this not even thinking about the chance of it not fitting on the front fans of my Antec 900 since there's 2 walls protruding on the sides of the front of the case. I got it to fit by cutting at it though. I wouldn't suggest doing it but hey, it works now!
Simple, well made and easy to assemble. It is a great starter for a beginner or experienced pilot. Great for emergencies or for a
I have about a half dozen of the name brand type of vacuum insulated beverage containers. I bought this one for my son to bring to school. It keeps his water cold. I haven't compared it to the other brand under extreme conditions. But if you are just operating in an urban environment it will be more than adequate. A great bargain. I would buy this product again without question. I bought this on a deal of the day so I paid what everyone else would pay. I would recommend this to a friend.
This is a great read. I love the characters and the history. I would recommend it.I read this book in the last few days and have enjoyed it. The characters are well written and well developed. I would like to read
Lie a caterpillar, what began as an easy task, turns into a complex, fascinating story. I read this book in the middle of the night, and it was a very enjoyable read. It was hard to put down, and I can't wait to see what happens next! What a great read! I read it several times over the course of a month, and I loved it. This book is a must read for any elementary school
Great theory, but poor construction. It broke on day two after around 10 total minutes of use. Two faults: Poor gluing of the magnets under the alley and weak, unstable wood veneer used on the top surface of the lane......First the side magnet switch got stuck and would not come back up to the vertical position to set the pins up. I took it apart underneath to find one magnet came out of it's circle and latched onto the neighboring magnet, blocking the triangle of magnets from rising fully to the top. I reglued it and another one that was loose (only a string of glue kept it from popping out of its socket), and then added 2 drops of super glue to the sides of the others as well. Problem #1 solved. Then I noticed in a good light that the pin dots on the bowling lane were all raised slightly (about the size of a fingertip around each) and the king pin spot had a tiny crack in it. The bumps obviously affect the roll, which is why the ball won't go where you aim. The veneer must be very thin. There should be a thin non flexible substrate under this area, like a small aluminum or plastic sheet, to prevent the lower magnets from pushing the wood up. OR, a "stop" installed in the plastic mechanism to prevent the magnet plate from rising any higher then the floor bottom, as without one the spring pressure bangs the magnets up slightly into the wood. Still working on this problem. Very disappointed.
Love these and use them daily. The only problem is that they are very thin. I ordered a size 6.5 and the fit was perfect. The waist is a bit loose
This product arrived NOT assembled. I had to re order it. The dimensions were not accurate. The packaging is very thin. The ring was not secure. The metal clasp was not secure. The clasp was not secure. I had to return it. I was very disappointed with this product. I had to return it. I am very disappointed with this product. I am very disappointed with this product.I have two very picky cats and this is the one I have tried. I love that it is made in the USA and that it is made in the USA. It is not too big for my small cat but it is too big for my small cat. I can't believe the size is such a huge difference. I wish it were made in the USA but I'm happy with the results. I don't really know what I was expecting from this
I bought this air ratchet and it works great. I also love that it's reversible and can be used as a push button, both with and without a belt. I used this to make a little makeshift bench outside a garage. I also like that it has a lot of pockets. I have a few sizes of thumb caps, and one is a little larger than I expected. This one fits perfectly. The only reason I didn't buy it for the buck was that I needed one for the little shop vac. This one is a great size.
my wife's been looking everywhere for this item. Should have known to trust Amazon from the start. She likes them and I liked the price
A great recipe book for anyone who wants to impress their family, friends, co workers (or themselves!) with delicious desserts. There's a lot to like about it. Here are my five reasons for giving it five stars: 1) An excellent introduction to the whole process of cooking caramel for those who are new to this delicious endeavor. Dennis Waller describes all the necessary equipment and provides helpful tips in his easy to read and easy to follow introduction. 2) All recipes follow the same format and that's excellent because it helps those of us who have not done much with caramel before figure out what the main steps are in ALL caramel recipes. The same format makes these recipes easy to follow, thus, there's less likelihood of messing up. 3) I love the idea of adding some variety to the recipes, and Dennis Waller provides suggestions and options of what to change and how to change it. Love the idea of using spiced rum and Kahlua instead of vanilla! I'll just have to make sure I don't test taste too much of either while cooking. 4) An excellent variety of recipes for different occasions, from more traditional to experimental. Pumpkin Spice Caramel (and its Apple Spice version) and Spiced Pumpkin Fudge sound perfect for fall celebrations. Pecan Praline Caramel and Grandma Stella's Caramel would be great for the holiday season. The ones I'd like to try first are Spicy Chocolate Caramel made with Cayenne and Paprika peppers, Amaretto Almond Caramel, Bourbon Chocolate Pecan Caramel, and Chocolate Mint Fudge. 5) Pecan Pralines made with dried fruit deserve their own star! Who wouldn't want to have dried mango, papaya, dates, shredded coconut, or pineapple in their dessert. That will make it healthy, too. The five food groups, lots of fruit, and all that, right?
I bought these for my husband to go hunting in. I got his normal size 36x34. He was so excited and pleased with these jeans...until he tried them on. I guess the lining makes them fit much tighter. I returned them to get a 38, but they have been back ordered for almost a year now. The originals were purchased in December...it's now the end of September and I still haven't been able to get my hands on a pair!
Hell Town, 1937 film It starts with a cattle drive of Herefords (not the longhorn cattle of the mid-19th century). Men ride up shooting pistols to turn the herd. Horses are also driven. Three men make a stand by trees. The rustlers drive off the cattle. In town there is action at "The Casino". Tom gives $100 to his cousin and his friend, but this is refused. Bart Hammond owns the saloon and talks to his associates. He talks to two men and offers them a job as cooks. A rattlesnake causes a horse to run off until Miss Judy is rescued. Cattle will be driven to the railroad by Dave. Will the rustlers try again? Yes, when there are only two guards. The cattle arrive in town to be loaded on the railroad for shipment. The cowboys want to celebrate in town. Will Dave play poker? The waiter switches a deck of cards! This lets the professional player win. [A lesson for the audience.] Tom explains his actions to Miss Judy. In town Tom sits in at the poker game and discovers the cold deck! There is a shot, Tom rides off with the money. The gamblers chase them. Will help come in time? Yes. Dave and his partner return to Montana. Did you learn a lesson about gambling? This was adopted from a Zane Grey novel "Born to the West". Professional gamblers know all kind of tricks.
I bought these in the last couple of weeks and they are perfect. They have a nice grainy appearance and the finish is nice. I also like the fact that the sides are made of a metal material and not plastic. I would recommend them for anyone with an occasional rustic kitchen. I bought this as a gift and it has been great! It is a little heavier than I expected but it works! I used it to make a batch of a New England coffee for my son to make into a couple of quickies. He is very pleased with the design and the quality. I am happy with it and will buy it again. This is a very good, thick cover for my pillow. I don't know if it would be worth it to keep it at a room temperature, but I have it on my mattress with no problems. I wish it had a small, low profile cover that was just right for my husband to put on his pillow for a few minutes of sleep.
Although these are in a small size, they are comfortable for a puppy who is a strong chewer.
Bought this to replace the old ones I bought and they fit great. They are a bit larger than my old ones and I am a bit tall, but otherwise the jeans are great. They are comfortable and
I was looking for something that would be easy to carry around in your pocket, but I just couldn't find it. The plastic parts are also very stiff and not easily adjustable. This is a very well made flashlight. I was also very disappointed with the battery. The charger is not a very good quality, the battery compartment is very small and it is a little hard to get it to charge. The battery compartment is not strong enough to hold an 8 cell battery, so if you have a battery that is not strong enough, it will not last long. I am still looking for a replacement battery. I do recommend this flashlight for those who don't want to carry around a flashlight. It does a good job of holding a cell and battery in their hands. It is a great flashlight for those who want to carry around a flashlight.It is very good for this price. It does not have the finish of the original.
I've never read a Dean Koontz I didn't finish, and that's saying a lot for the author. I haven't read any further into the series, though I probably will. I wouldn't call it page turning. If you haven't read Koontz before don't start with this. If you have and you're like me you just want something you know you'll read this might be for you.
They go along with the rest of the pieces and are very sturdy. The only downside is that the top is a
After reading the review I decided to go with the comfortable fit. These pants are a bit snug around the waist but they don't hurt. The waistband is a bit tighter than it should be and the
Great scratchers. They are the same quality that you would buy in the pet store, only much cheaper! They fit the commercial round scratchers.
this is a great figure i would get this in a heart beat if i didn't already have him
I saw someone else using this lens and thought it was a great lens for the price. I bought this lens for the Canon, and it is the best lens I have ever used. It is still going strong, and it will be useful for years to come.
This little device is perfect for me and the price. I will keep this in mind when buying.I bought this for a friend, and he is very happy with the purchase.
I enjoyed this book but it has some issues. I did not understand how the author could include a comparison of the two peoples lives. The author was not able to bring his readers perspective to the characters.
Handy size for those of us who love Legos. I will admit that my daughter was pretty
This book started out slow in the beginning but steadily picked up the pace and by the end was an intense. It hits you with the shot you aren't expecting and makes you wish it was a bit longer....Cant wait for to read more of his books. Good for fans of what would you do if it happend to you.
The knives don't work well as steak knives. The serrated blade tears apart whatever you try to cut, rather than slicing. Throwing them out.
I'm pretty sure I reviewed this product already, but here goes again. These are a little higher than some out there, but I have problems with my feet so the soft insides of these are just what I needed.
What can I say....it holds ice. These are handy to have but hard to find, so I was glad to see these listed at Amazon. We freeze our leftover coffee into cubes for iced coffee or to run thru the blender with a little sugar, chocolate and milk or cream for a nice cold summer treat.
Our 1 1.2 years old African Grey (who is a pit bull mix) is a strong chewer. She had a lot of trouble with her teeth and was a great chewer. She had no issues with chewing on her bedding. This is a great bed for the price
Clients love these sheets. They feel "high end". Holding up well with frequent washing. No staining. Buy these if you like to spoil your clients!
got what i paid for it. The only problem is that it doesnt fit my Ruger.
Excellent cliff hanging continuation of the first four books. I am anxiously awaiting the 6th book and wishing I'd found Mr. Martin sooner. Also wishing I read slower....
Great actress Amy Adams and a real professional with a genuine sense of humor that makes the movie one of the best in the series. A+Excellent movie, a great story and a great family movie. It was good to see the
I love this series; could not put it down. I will keep reading the series! Can't wait for the next book!What a fantastic book! I was very impressed by the author's insight into the circumstances of the war. This book is excellent. The authors are a brilliant author! I read them all and have never had to re
Kelli Stanley's gritty tale of a boy and his family in the cold war, a small town in the Midwest, and the rise of a powerful and powerful dictator. The reader is brought
Crave is a highly emotional story about Kiera, Kevin and Jimmy. It has that love triangle feel to it, mainly because Kiera spends a lot of time evaluating her relationships. Kiera is an emotionally stunted woman. She doesn't seem to know her worth impresses her skewed view on those closest to her. Her best friend Kevin is admittedly in love with her, but demonstrates a lot of hate for her as well. It's as if his devotion has been one sided for so long it's become bitter. At the beginning, Kiera's relationship with Jimmy, a man she feels she belongs with, ends her self imposed spiral into depression takes a drastic turn when she has sex with Kevin. It's not hearts flowers, you're the love of my life kind of sex. More like angry, you can get the hell out of my life kind of sex. This only proves to confuse an already confused Keira. This story centers around a woman trying to grab her bearings. Everything that she thought was real is being stripped away. She no longer has Jimmy, her man, or Kevin, her sounding board; her cupcake business is in ruins. Her life at the end of her twenties isn't turning out so great. Without giving too much away, this story has me on the fence. I liked it, and yet I found myself not really enjoying the heroine. Let me clarify; part of me liked her and understood her, and yet part of me wanted to slap her and tell her to man the heck up. She needed to open her eyes. I am having a love/hate relationship with this story. I suggest you read it for yourself. Oh and the ending...it was a tad abrupt, but seemed to suit Kevin, so I did like that. He was the best character by far.
Eden Connor is like MacGyver--she can take a set of unrelated, unique elements and weave them into something explosive. In this story, the unlikely combination is a hot dog stand, a carnival, and a baseball stadium--not obvious choices for a searing hot love story, but Eden, as per usual, creates gold. The characters, settings, and situations are creative and compelling. The characters and storyline have a depth that give the book staying power--I can't get it off my mind (a delicious "problem"). I originally read this book when it was titled TuDawgs; at the time, I really wished there was more than one book in this "world." Eden has made my wish come true with the Carolina Stallions series; each book is a complete story, but the baseball team ties the worlds together. Looking forward to the next story in this series!
Enjoy your sleeping hours in this. The only problem is that it's kind of hard to put the pillow down. The pillow itself is firm but the
This product is exactly what I expected and the kids love it. My son loves this and we have two of the other toys he has. The plastic is sturdy and it is easy to put together. It is a great way to enjoy the outdoors. If you have a child that likes to play with the toys, this is a good one to start.This is a fun game for my son. He's 8 and plays with
Whoever designed this simple, yet CRITICAL piece of gear should be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. I love my cattle dog mix, even though she is an on the go pooper. One every walk. Usually within the first 5 minutes of a 30-45 minute walk. Being a responsible dog owner, I carry the bags and then had to use that knot/leash hold maneuver to carry her deposit to a proper repository. Two months ago, we adopted a second cattle dog mix and now I have a leash in each hand while I walk the poopingest dogs in the world. Bag juggle??? Not so much. So I searched for a solution and I found this simple, yet AMAZING solution. It's durable and can't imagine it will take years for the rubber to stretch out and give way. I have one for each leash making it much safer to walk them because I've got positive control of the leashes. I sent one to my aunt and one to my mom for their dogs. I suggested my dog walker to charge each client a one time fee to get one for each of her walking clients. The dog accessory industry is so vast, yet this is one of the must underrated necessities. I have NEVER found anything like this in stores. I'm glad someone thought of making them. Bravo Alcott.... Bravo.
The handle flips sideways when you pull it out, making it a whole lot easier for pushing/pulling the handle. I'd buy another one if I ever needed another.
I used the product last week and it works very well. If you have a larger head (like me), this will be a good investment. This is a great earbud. It will be your perfect size for listening to music on your phone or tablet. I used it with a portable player and
Very light weight material has fantastic drape to it! It dresses up pretty much anything! My teenager stole it already!
For the price this is a great thermometer. Really like that it folds up so it stores better.
Awesome little cutter. Used it to cut the long thin strips of steel that were hanging on the ceiling. Great tool!Works great. The light is a
Dissent gloves but one or two of the fingers wouldn't glow. so had to return it. But git a fast return so turned out good.
Size chart is WAY off. I'm 5'8", waist size 38 (not sloppy fat, but could certainly stand to lose a few). So I got a large vis a vis the size chart. The pant legs went so far past my feet it was like baby dressing up in daddy's pants.
One of the most powerful movies I have seen a long while! Will Smith and Jaden are an incredible duo with a powerful and intense story. For anyone who has gone through hardship in their life, I totally recommend this movie for inspiration. Mind over matter. You want something go out and get it!
